[GEP-26] Prepare local setup with extensions for WorkloadIdentities (#12519)
gardener/gardener: docs/deployment/getting_started_locally_with_extensions.md

Gardener control plane requires DNS for default and internal domains. Thus, you have to configure a valid DNS provider for your setup.

Please maintain your DNS provider configuration and credentials at [`/example/provider-extensions/garden/controlplane/domain-secrets.yaml`](/example/provider-extensions/garden/controlplane/domain-secrets.yaml).

You can find a template for the file at [`/example/provider-extensions/garden/controlplane/domain-secrets.yaml.tmpl`](/example/provider-extensions/garden/controlplane/domain-secrets.yaml.tmpl).

### Infrastructure

> Infrastructure credentials, `Secrets` and `WorkloadIdentities`, and the corresponding credentials bindings should be maintained at:

Reviewer: Do we also want to use the object's name here for more explicit clarity?

```suggestion
Infrastructure credentials, `Secrets` and `WorkloadIdentities`, and the corresponding `CredentialsBinding`s should be maintained at:
```
